A girl who is around 15 year old, who never want to fall in love because she knows that thats not the right time.She rejected so many
love proposal.She just irritate when she knows about someone about their raltionship and she always thought how people waste their time 
in the era of education.She just wnat success.She want to dance fly on sky like a bird.She just want to do what she like.Not ant typo of
 restrisction.
She always used to help the people and she loves to do that.She also dont like to talk to much on phone.She spemd almost her time on study.
one day,She listen about Facebook which is basicaaly a social media app.She created her account there and sent friend request to all their friend
who far way from school time.
She was so happy as she found her friend on facebook.She started chatting with them like old days.With passage of time ,She admission in !2 class.
She don't use facebook so much because of study but she continue her talk with one boy but he was just common friend of her .She like to share her 
thought with him.Time passage out and exam goes on.When exam was done she again used to chat on facebook like always but when jee result annouced she was not satisfy 
to their result.She was like now what will she does.she don't have any other option.She was just tired of studying.She thinking about what she will 
do after that and what she will tell to their friend about her carrier .She just stop using facebook .She thought she gonna leave her study.And her financial
good was not good like other as she went to kota for their further preparation.She was like whatabout her dream which was she dreaming off.She was just
numb at that time.She thought that she will not continue her study.With the passage of time a friend of her tell her about a teacher job which was offered by a 
school principal .That principal knows that she is very good in studies thats the reason he offerd her a job.She just accept it.And She goes for interview
and she selected it for job.She started to teach student.And she just love to do it.She find her hapiness again.Now,She again install facebook on her mobile
and started chatting to her friend like always she used to.A close friend of her was angry to her.She says to her "Mai gussa hu" .She just say to him,"Happy Birthday".And says sorry for delay.
And she give a excuse to him that she was not at her home and she don't have mobile thats the reason she doesn't wish her.Hey says "Its ok" .
And asked to her," where you were ?"
She replied ,"Grenny's Home".
And he says Ok .And the chat were still continue,After sometime thats happened what she fears about.
He asked to her,"What are you doing now a days?"
She replied SSC preparation,Yes,She lied because she was not comfortable to tell him about her job.
Again the chatting were continue as same like always.
And he tell her about his breakup to her and he also tell her about his depression.
She says ,"don't worry ,Everything thing will ok with passage of time".
Now ,Mother's day came , She doesn't put her status on Mothers day about her mother .
He asked to her ,"Why dont you put status on Mothers day?"
She replied,"My mumma is with me and I have wished her,Why I will put status for showing off...
And she asked him the shame question,"Why dont you have put status ?"

And he replied ,"I have lost my mumma"
And She was just numbed .
She says sorry for that.
He says ,"Its ok,You dont even feel sorry for that"
Ye He was so upset at that day and he was missing her mumma alot.
That was first time she cried for someone else problem..
Now she was used to talk him on daily basis.
Even she doesnot realise that she started falling for someone thst she never want to .Tme passage down with their spped and start connecting with him day by day.
Now,Insted of chat they start talking to eachother by voice call.....YEs...Things are going in proper as it would be.
But now a days some different things start happening with her  something which is so strange for her even she doesn't realise why these things happening with her .She smiled whwn she think about him,
imagine wonder time spending with him even she bacame sad when she don't talk to him.
But there were something she doesn't tell him about...Yes that was her job that she is teacher in a school.
Now,there were function in her school and she is passionate about dance .And she is waiting for chance when someone asked to her for teaching dance to student.
Finally ,a lady techer asked her about dance,"Would you like to do choreography for school's function?"
She replied ,"Sure...Even she love to to that"
She founder another way of happiness..
She tell him about her choreography job that she goona teach dance to student for school function and he appreciate her for that.
Now she start connectin' more to him she used to talk to him on daily basis.
If she dont talk to him one day she feels like she doesnt do anything that day.She became sad and she start waiting for him when he will call her.
Even she was afraid of telling her thinking about him because she thought that what he gonna reply she says all things with him.Basicaaly,She has fear of
loosing him.And one day she told him that she goto back jaunpur again and he cannot talk to him now.
And he ask to her,"why?"
She replied ,I have to go because my exam are so near and I have to prepared well for my exam.
He says Ok..
That's the lie that she was going her granny's home back.She lied to him because she just want to make things normal for her.
She realised that now she has feeling for him and she just want to stay away becuase that feeling gonna hurt her if he says no for her proposal.
The last day she want to talk hime before going to granny's home which is located in Jaunpur.
But he doesnt talk to her beacause he was at his home for a maily function.
She doesnot sleep well at that night.She just thinking about him all night .
Now,She doesnot talk to him for 2 or 3 days and she started feeling that nothings left her in her life. She just want to talk to him.She even dont 
know what exactly he thinking about her.
She wait for sometime and she texted him on facebook,"Hyee".
He replied ,Hyee.
Now ,there were something on her face .yes ,that smile which is used to always on her face.
  
